ci: stop building alpine-debug images in favor of ubuntu-based debug image (#13598)
envoyproxy/envoy: ci/README.md

## Alpine Envoy image

> Minimal images based on Alpine Linux allow for quicker deployment of Envoy. The Alpine base image are only built with symbol stripped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimal images based on Alpine Linux allow for quicker deployment of Envoy. The Alpine base image is only built with symbols stripped.
```
